what is up everybody welcome to another
episode of AMA live I'm your host Tom
dill you and I'm gonna be taking your
questions so make sure you drop them in
let me know what you want to know let's
dive deep let's get some real answers
let's change some lives and mother of
all girls all right we're gonna kick it
off with the first question but oh
actually before we do that anybody
that's into comics boys and girls if
you're gonna be at the WonderCon this
weekend in Anaheim come by booth 1502
we it our booth is gonna be really lame
I'm gonna tell you that right now
because we booked it before we knew if
we're gonna have anything to launch
which we don't that'll be later in the
year but nonetheless we're gonna be
there collecting email addresses for
people that are into comics and want to
know more about what we're doing so come
by the booth I will be there all three
days say what's up hang out help us get
more people into the ecosystem that
would be amazing but only if you're into
the world of comics it's not like a
traditional Q and a meet-and-greet or
anything so but for need die-hard comic
fans make sure you come by booth 1502 1
2 con this weekend all right today's
episode is brought to you by the do the
work shirt by the way if you haven't
already got one of these bad boys go to
shop impact Theory dot-com all right
without further ado first question comes
via the Kinect in boxes from is air
I'm sure you've committed to big changes
before in your life my question is how
do you commit to a large-scale change
and not go back on it is it possible to
quit cold-turkey without screwing it up
a few days later and the answer is yes
very much so so I'm excited by change so
let's talk about that so big scale
changes don't freak me out like that
I like things to be different I like
things to be new I like to learn new
things I've cultivated that in myself so
I would force yourself really to be
excited and I say force on purpose
because it is a choice you get to decide
whether you're gonna focus on all the
things that could go wrong all the
unknowns all the things that are gonna
give you anxiety or you could remember
like Einstein said we all get to decide
whether we live in a friendly or a
hostile universe
I choose we live in a friendly because
of that I choose to believe that good
things are going to come that the change
is going to bring new fun exciting
opportunities and because of that I
greet change with
enthusiasm so first of all make that
choice and then second make sure that
you're actively looking for the
opportunity in that change and third if
it's something that you've set out some
big thing that you promise yourself that
you're gonna do then you need to hold
yourself accountable to that and there's
just no way around
earning credibility with yourself you
said you were gonna do it and now you're
gonna do it and that is it
this is a question of identity Who am I
so for instance this is a smaller thing
but next week I'm gonna be doing a
five-day water-only fast 5-day
water-only fast and I'm super tense
about it and it could end up really
sucking and there's been a little voice
in my head that's been like oh even
though you've announced it like you
don't have to do it like if it really
sucks you need just clawed back and my
thing is absolutely not
unless I get into some medical emergency
I'm going to see that five day fast
through because I said I was going to do
it and I know the amount of credibility
that I will earn with myself for
sticking through it so that really comes
down to that's my density when I say
that I'm going to do something I do it
so I'm the type of person that when I
say I'm gonna do it I do it plain and
simple
period end of story and that may mean
that I have to suffer but the suffering
compared to what I will think about
myself on the other side of that I know
that it pales in comparison so this all
comes down to being able to
psychologically reward and punish
yourself and I know how amazing it's
going to feel me about myself how
amazing it's going to feel at the end of
this when I do what I said that I was
going to do and by the way doing hard
things is something that all of us
should actually look forward to in fact
Lisa asked me why I was doing a five-day
fast and the answer is because it's hard
the answer is because I actually think
it's gonna be difficult if I didn't
think it was gonna be difficult then it
wouldn't really be that big of a deal in
fact that's a reason part of the reason
that I've gone from doing a three-day
fast to a five-day fast because I've
gotten pretty used to doing three-day
fast I know that I'll make it to the
other side so a five-day fast that that
one really makes me tense the other
reason that I'm doing that is because
the metabolic advantages of fast really
seem to at least according to the
research get exponentially better at
around five days
not ready to commit to a seven-day fast
yet so we'll see how the five-day fast
goes but I'm excited to be doing that so
by the way anybody that wants to join me
on said five-day water-only fast I'm
starting very specifically this Sunday
which is what day what's the date of
Sunday
alright well anybody watching live you
know this Sunday so this Sunday at 3
p.m. because I'm gonna break fast we're
doing a big matrix thing here on Friday
which I'm very excited about as the
anniversary of the release of the matrix
is March 31st so on March 30th Friday at
3 p.m. we're starting the film and so as
a just a big part of that celebration
that's when I'll be breaking fast so
those are the five days and it's Sunday
March 25th okay next question is from
Nashawn Odom this is Facebook if you can
read only one book and one book only
what would it be this should have an
impact on your self transformation and
society at large well I would read a
book that I haven't read II read so
that's not gonna help anybody so the the
most important book in the English
language is mindset by Carol Dweck so if
you guys haven't read that book now
ironically it's not the book that had
the biggest impact on me because
unfortunately it wasn't written as I was
going through that but I think that she
has given the single most foundational
text on building mindset which is a
single most important thing anybody
could do so that is the book that I
highly recommend people to read which is
I think far more useful than what I
would read over and over what would I
read over and over principles by Ray
Dalio because from a business
perspective if I was gonna read a book
over and over and over and over I think
that's probably the most beneficial book
so that's what the book that I think has
probably had the biggest impact on me in
my current form if that makes sense so
the book that changes the course of my
life was Stephen King's the gunslinger
so I don't expect it to have that impact
on many other people but it certainly
had that impact on me because it showed
me that I liked reading which then set
the tone not the tone but it really set
the course for the rest of my life and
reading voraciously has changed ever
the aspect element nook and cranny of my
life so yeah but anyway the book that I
would personally read over and over and
over is principles I don't think anybody
really other than entrepreneurs are
gonna benefit from reading it over and
over and over I think that everybody
everybody benefits from reading mindset
by Carol Dweck over and over and over
all right Nick and Nick ends what it
says Nick and Schultz Facebook hey Tom
so you talked a lot about getting
adequate sleep for optimal brain
function etc but you've also talked a
lot about doing the work late nights and
long hours that come with
entrepreneurship what exactly is your
stance on this so my stance is very
[__] clear get sleep get sleep now
once you have sleep then you can
optimize or you can be efficient in
everything else that you do but I I
built a billion-dollar business with
less than I'm gonna say less than ten
times probably that I got an
insufficient amount of sleep maybe a
little more than ten but over almost a
decade I mean that's pretty good like
once or twice a year like my schedule
would just line up such that I couldn't
both go to bed early and sleep so sorry
I couldn't either go to bed early or
sleep late so usually it's one of the
other you're gonna stay up late but then
you're not going to need to get up early
so it is so so rare that I wake up to an
alarm I just really cannot stress that
for sure for sure I wake up to an alarm
less than five or six times a year I
mean it's just it's so low so if I can
do what I've done without needing to
[__] with my sleep anybody can I'm just
telling you like the amount that you
will get done when you've got enough
sleep it's just so much more that I'll
I'll any day take three or four hours
less in my day and go head to head with
somebody who is chronically
sleep-deprived now doesn't mean it never
happens but it means that it's really
rare because I just find that I'm so
much less efficient and can we talk
about it's less fun I don't know if it's
just me boys and girls being chronically
fatigued sucks at a level that I can't
quite convey so it doesn't sound like
fun remember the
game you're playing is not money the
game you're playing is not success the
game you're playing is brain chemistry
that's it to feel deeply fulfilled
nothing
nothing compares to that sex awesome but
does not compare it to deep fulfillment
being rich awesome but does not compare
to deep fulfillment being good-looking I
imagine is awesome but I'm also going to
imagine that it does not compare to deep
fulfillment so the thing that I get
behind to be clear is deep fulfillment
now building a life of success to me is
about pursuing something now I want to
enjoy the pursuit I have the lived the
life where I did not enjoy the pursuit
and I've lived a life where I did enjoy
the pursuit I'm just telling you right
now success is not guaranteed the
struggle is so you might as well enjoy
the struggle and part of enjoying the
struggle is getting enough sleep so I
hope that's really [__] clear next up
Maurizio D Grigory I like that name what
were you like in college in regards to
discipline and getting [__] done I know
you've mentioned that you were
significantly different than you are now
but I'm curious on the extent all right
in college I because I was so desperate
to get into film school I really worked
my ass off and so I locked myself in a
room for four years and head down got
good grades now you want to talk about a
period in my life where I got very
little sleep film school was it and
that's how I know how uniquely miserable
it is to go without sleep now the irony
of ironies based on my last answer I
don't know that I could have gotten
things done in film school without
reducing the amount of sleep I don't
know I could have probably done better
but like to give you an idea in film
school I didn't even drink soda I didn't
drink caffeine of any kind not tea not
coffee no caffeine pills no adderall
nothing I literally thought if I meant
to be awake I'll be awake and so through
sheer force of will I got crazy little
sleep in film school it sucked so much
but just the raw number of hours that it
takes to make a movie I don't know I
could have been better that's for sure
but
that was the reality okay so I locked
myself in a room I got very good grades
I focused focused focused I wanted to
learn that was my driving force but
here's the big whammy I thought there
was a difference between learning the
technical aspects and learning the
creative aspects so to make a very long
story short while I work my ass off it
doesn't click into me that I could
develop quote-unquote talent by also
putting that work and energy into
getting good at things that I thought
were innate so I tried really hard to
learn the technical side to learn the
what they call the creative studies side
so learning film Theory watching a lot
of movies understanding different
directors understanding French New Wave
cinema versus cinema verite and like all
of that stuff but then when I realized
in my senior thesis film that I
absolutely had no talent
I didn't think oh well I can go build
Talent so I spent four years really
focusing on the technical aspects not
realizing I should have been focusing
all that time and energy on learning how
to direct actors where do you put the
camera what storytelling all of those
things which then I ended up teaching
myself after school so there you have it
I hope that answers your question
Mohamed Eglin Facebook how can you
handle pressure of commitment when you
were scaling up exponentially everything
is growing fast pressure stress more
commitment and work etc all right so
this goes back to enjoying the process
so scaling is amazing and you should
take advantage of the scale where you
can but I will say that really building
something that matters something you
believe in something that you're
passionate about is not the same as
scaling and I think looking back I
probably would have enjoyed more scaling
quest a little bit more slowly I think
that there were mistakes that I made
that I didn't necessarily need to make
because I was just so freakish about
wanting to capitalize on every single
aspect of scale and at some point and
and this is why I'm so obsessed with
principles now I never would have
allowed myself to have what we now refer
to as a principles conversation which
slows everything down which is about
like really digging into the emotion
calling out [__] when you see it if
somebody makes like a weird facial
expression and you have reason to
believe that they're not totally bought
on
but in that you stop and address it and
talk through it which I do now and I
think is really advantageous I wouldn't
have done then because I just scale
scale scale so I think you need to
really be clear about what your
objectives are and hopefully in that you
realize that your primary objective
should be that deep sense of fulfillment
of building something you believe in
being deeply passionate being totally
connected to it being present in that
moment looking for the opportunities for
you to grow in advance and that it's
okay to say I don't think we can take on
that extra piece of business without
either stressing me the [__] out and
this being less fun or doing a house of
cards style building of just growing so
fast that we're not making all the smart
choices that we could otherwise make so
I would say it's very ok to slow down to
do things in a way where you feel like
you're being pushed you're being
stretched 100% but at the same time
you're enjoying the process you're
learning as much as you can you don't
feel frantic and you're enjoying your
life which is actually a thing and
remember boys and girls laughter is a
metric and it's a metric that you should
pay attention to how often do you laugh
in your life how often do your teammates
laugh all of this stuff really matters
and as cheesy and as stupid as that
sounds I think it's one of the single
most important things you could pay
attention to they have it next up
YouTube KMC girl hey Tom
how do you utilize your impatience and
make it work along with the learning
process that you can finally put in the
work and get started okay so I wrote a
whole tirade and I think the most recent
newsletter which by the way if you guys
haven't signed up to the newsletter I'm
[__] bleeding for those things so go
write in fact I'm gonna wait I want you
to go right now and sign up for the
newsletter at impact theory dot-com take
your time go so welcome back in the
newsletter recently I went on a whole
tirade about [__] patients we're
designing a shirt that says eff patients
here's my breakdown on this whatever
you're gonna do if it's big it's going
to take a lot of time that is the truth
of that process anything that involves
humans
is going to take time there's just
there's only so many hours in the day we
only think at a certain rate so even if
you go all out every day every hour that
you're awake you are bleeding for your
cause even then it's going to take a
long time so because of that I'm telling
you if you don't do that
you can imagine how much longer it's
going to take so here's the thing that
drive me [__] nuts if you really want
to get under my skin and I know people
gonna do this now just to wind me up but
I'm gonna say it anyway because it's so
[__] true if I post about you need to
work hard smart and long hours and you
write back and say but if I'm working
hard and smart why do I have to work
long hours the answer [__] is
because you're going to get eaten alive
by the people that are doing all three
this oh god this winds me up someone
just said this to me earlier today and
inside I wanted to eat my own soul when
people act like they have done enough
like there is some enough police out
there that are going to make your dreams
come true because you've worked hard
here's the answer you're either winning
or you're [__] losing that is the
truth it doesn't matter how much you
work it only matters what results you
get if you can get results on five
minutes a day great if you're winning at
five minutes a day fantastic the only
thing is I have just seen that you're
competing against other human beings and
the ones that really win are the ones
that do all three if by some miracle
you're getting the life exactly that you
want
you've got the level of fulfillment that
you want off of five minutes a day
you've already won you don't need me my
advice is gonna sound crazy to you I'm
talking to people that want to play in a
world stage I'm talking about people for
whom fulfilment comes from seeing just
how much you can accomplish in your life
I'm talking to the people for whom the
truth of enjoying the process is a
day-to-day reality and that they love
putting in the work that it isn't
grinding themselves into the dirt it's
doing something that they're deeply
passionate about and what they want to
know out of their life
is how much can I achieve if I really
push myself but I will tell you right
now if you're an entrepreneur if you're
somebody that wants to be great if you
want to be a world-class gymnast if you
want to be world-class at anything I
will tell you right now you must do all
three things and you must do them a lot
and you must go really hard
never once saying to yourself I just
need to be patient I just need to wait
because none of that will work if you
want something to happen let's say that
going all-out it's going to take ten
years it's not like going slower it will
take 20 I'm here to tell you and this is
the central central part of my thesis
if you don't generate enough momentum it
will never happen not on any timeline
it's not like simply putting in the work
over a long enough period of time is
gonna get you where you want to go
that's a hard [__] truth let that
sink in the only way to make your
wildest dreams come true is to generate
so much speed and momentum so much
energy and enthusiasm that people get
swept up in your current that they're
pointed in the direction you want them
pointed because you are going so fast
and you're so decisive that's how you
break through obstacles because they
just wither in front of you because
you've got so much kinetic energy behind
you patience is the thief of kinetic
energy patience stops you from
generating that kind of momentum of
getting other people swept up in what
you want so it is not for any reason
other than I really want to see you make
come true in your life the things that
make you happy and fulfilled and I just
know that the truth of really
manifesting your dreams the truth of
closing your eyes imagining a world
opening your eyes and then making that
world actually come true the truth of
all that is you can't be patient even
though you've got to play the long game
Salamah [__] from Facebook what are your
thoughts on volume which is a company
founded by Naveen Jain who or what they
look at your microbiome they sequence it
and it's down to the RNA level so it's
actually what genes are expressing
versus just what bacteria are present in
your digestive tract so it's a much
deeper level of breaking it down so what
are my thoughts on biome can you share
your golden nuggets from your research
on microbiome today okay I'll give it to
you in a real brief nutshell first of
all I do not know nearly enough my wife
still struggles and that really pisses
me off
so biome has been amazing volume has
been the only thing that's really pushed
my wife forward and I really want to
take a lot of credit for it and
unfortunately I can't and while I have
learned a lot about the microbiome I've
only known enough to sort of be bumpers
in the alley for my wife to know what is
just blatantly not going to help that I
knew enough that when I saw biome and I
talked to Naveen about it that I knew to
get her involved with that so here's my
my breakdown of biome that they it's
amazing it is the best thing out there
and it is still inadequate to go from
like if you're really broken on a micro
biome perspective that your volume is
the first step but it is not going to
completely eradicate the problem and
you're really gonna have to work and
take notes and be diligent about
watching what impacts you because it's
specific and you based as volume is like
there's even that like they just don't
yet have enough data to go
alright you Lisa in the case of my wife
do exactly this and this exact increment
they've gotten a really close and she's
made huge leaps and bounds and I'm
beyond grateful and Naveen you know how
much I love you and will forever be
grateful to you and when you say jump I
will [__] say how high because
that's how much she's helped my wife but
I don't want anyone to think that it is
yet a silver bullet and I really hope
that they get to silver bullet status
and I know navin's trying to get as many
people into the program because this is
a big data thing
the more people they get the more
specific they can make it so here's what
I know just about the microbiome in
general so first of all if you're taking
antibiotics you are committing
microbiome suicide 95 percent of all the
serotonin which is the feel-good
chemical is stored in your gut the vast
majority of your immune system is in
your gut why because this never made
sense to me until I heard this because
the amount of bacteria and viruses and
all that that you eat become are gonna
end up in your digestive system and that
is why you need like that robust first
responders there in your what they call
enteric nervous system which runs from
your esophagus to your anus in the
enteric nervous system you have as many
neurons the same material that makes up
your brain as you as a cat has in their
brain so when people say that the
enteric nervous system is a second brain
literally that is what they mean there
is a feedback communication feedback
loop between your microbiome and your
brain so your neuro chemistry is wildly
impacted by what's going on in your
digestive system you should be eating
whole foods whenever possible you should
be eating God now I'm getting slight
anxiety because now I'm starting to get
to the edge of what I really truly
understand but here's I try to eat a
broad spectrum of whole foods as many
different things as I can I am really
bad at this though so if you came and
sat next to me be like Tom the [__] like
you eat basically the same thing all the
time
that's laziness that's efficiency that
isn't because I think it's the best
thing in the world but I do try to cycle
through different kinds of vegetables
when I go out I try to eat things that I
don't normally eat during the week on
and on and on so alright we've got a new
show by the way called health theory
which you guys should be watching which
comes out on all my normal channels
check it out it's similar to impact
Theory same set same sort of format but
specifically people that are coming on
to talk about health and fitness related
stuff please know that I'm exploring and
I will not have anybody shut
down that just wants me to present Dogma
I want to [__] learn so I'm gonna
bring people on from all over some
people maybe that I disagree with
vehemently and so let's all learn and be
open and rather than try to shut people
down but anyway that's that whole thing
I'm gonna stop there on the microbiome
but learn about it because if you don't
you will suffer the digestive
consequences and by the way if you have
pains in your gut when you eat if you
have a lot of diarrhea you almost
certainly have a problem with microbiome
and I will just tell you right now cut
out carbs and sugar and you'll be way
way way on your way somehow that's still
controversial but I'm telling you I'll
[__] stand by that and then also I
will highly suggest that you get healthy
fats in your life healthy fats changed
my life alright damn bro Fitness what's
up Dan bro Facebook first of all met
Shawn yesterday that's right he's in
Europe that's amazing which is exactly
what you just said when negotiating
money how would you approach this
situation I have a new business and I'm
in the position where I'm offering free
work to build my reputation and practice
my craft that is so smart but when it
comes to asking for money I find it
uncomfortable stop that immediately if
you're delivering value money is the
exchange of value what skills have you
found useful with negotiating okay so I
don't think of myself as a powerful
negotiator so I'm not really the right
person to answer this question but I
will walk you through my logic so my
logic goes like this if you're adding
value to somebody's life the thing that
people are willing to trade for that
value is money it is literally the
currency that we've all said hey this is
a shorthand for value so I'm going to
exchange this because money has
potential in it meaning that you can use
it to do something else and that's where
that inert thing then becomes valuable
to you so if the thing that you have the
knowledge that you have the person wants
more than they want that money then why
on earth would you ever be hesitant to
ask for that money if what you're
putting off on people however is not
more valuable than the money then you
should be ashamed so this really comes
down to how much value are you offering
people with what you're doing and the
easiest way to figure that out is to
give it
like you were doing and then find out if
then people are later willing to pay for
it and if they're not then you didn't
add much value and here's what I'll say
to any consultant if you can give away
your secrets in an hour a day or even a
[__] week you actually don't have
secrets
I am literally pouring my soul into this
company to give away every secret that I
have in writing in video I'm working on
a book everything all I'm trying to do
every time I get in front of the camera
every time I post an Instagram post I am
trying to give you every secret I have
every time I write the newsletter go
subscribe I am trying to give away every
secret I am NOT holding anything back
I'm literally pouring my heart and soul
into this and what's happening to the
community it's getting bigger and bigger
and bigger the more value I give away
for free the bigger the community gets
the more people come here when I think
about doing an Instagram post
I never phone it in when I say I'm
really trying to peel myself open and
say how did I get here what did I learn
what do I actually do not like [__]
not trite stuff not clever linguistics
that you see stamped on an image like
for real
read the captions I'm trying to give you
everything I know because of that I've
built a big audience we're approaching a
million people in this community in just
over a year this is insanity so give it
away give it away give it away now and
then when the moment is right when
you've got something that you really
believe is valuable then you sell it now
I could easily sell the information that
I'm giving away free and the only reason
I don't is there is something far more
valuable to me down the road that I am
going to ask you to pay for and in those
moments when I say I have no guilt I
have no guilt so Dan you've got to break
that mindset you cannot think like that
if you're really giving people value the
it should be an exchange of value it
does not make sense for you to struggle
to make ends meet to [__] not be able
to put food on your own plate if you're
really giving people something of value
like that that is absurd
so in fact I'll say this if you're
really giving people something of value
that they want more than their money
generate real [__] wealth
I am totally unconflicted about that all
right so I didn't give you any
information by the way on negotiating
other than to get your head in the right
place because once you really believe in
the value that you're giving then
suddenly you're not gonna be weird about
asking for it and the only thing I try
to do is what is a reasonable amount to
ask for this
what will the market bear I'm not trying
to gouge anybody but I'm not bashful at
all about asking for what the real
exchange of value is based on how much
time and energy have I spent building
this knowledge or whatever it is that
I'm trying to sell so yeah that was
terrible [__] answer about
negotiating but since I don't consider
myself an expert negotiator there you
have it alright Devan 1978 hey Tom about
your book how much do you progress on
your book on a weekly basis very little
and how much focus and work do you put
into it on a weekly basis very little
but I will say that we have an amazing
woman who's helping me on the book who's
dragging me along the path and making me
externalize this stuff what I this is
one of the few times I let what I want
to be true collide with what actually is
true and I think that the book is gonna
be really powerful and it will be that
very tangible I don't know why that was
very hard word for me to get out but
it's a very tangible thing for people to
grab on to it gives people something in
a super succinct manner but secretly I
want the videos to work secretly because
I love doing these because when I'm
doing this I get to embody it and I can
do these very fast this is a very
efficient use of my time whereas the
book I'm a slow writer and so working
with a ghostwriter and it is harder than
I thought to really get to the depths of
my ideas and make it so that somebody
else can then put the words around them
and because I just want to do the the
videos and the comic books can can I
really share storytelling is such
passion of mine and the book isn't like
the comic I'm so [__] excited about
the comic so I don't put I was gonna say
nearly enough time that may be the right
word I don't put as much time as I need
to in the book to get it out rapidly
that I will say cuz that's just
objectively true but the comics are more
important to me because they lead to the
TV shows they lead to the movies and I
think ultimately I will impact far more
people with the TV shows and movies that
I will with the book that's the raw
truth so and because of that there's
like this weird internal conflict in
myself but it is moving it will come out
at some point I'm really hopeful that in
2018 that we will at least have the
finished manuscript and so that's a
pretty aggressive goal a pretty real
goal for me so there it is alright
moving on
Helder Cruz Facebook do I have to lose
everything in my life to get out of the
matrix no no not at all but you do need
to change the way that you believe
things it's about changing your belief
system but you don't have to lose
anything in your life other than your
hang-ups and limiting beliefs but I've
found that pulling myself out of the
matrix has given me everything quite
frankly it's helped me develop my
relationship with my wife it's helped me
generate wealth in my life it's helped
me become more effective
literally at every aspect no matter what
metric you use it's given me things
rather than taking them away so other
than limiting beliefs and excuses those
that has completely robbed me of in
amazing fashion Carrie Lee Facebook do
you find that people at the higher
levels of success and the current
leading thought escapes white know what
that means our competitive doggy-dog are
more supportive of one another because
they all want to contribute to a better
planet in humanity I think it's a mixed
bag and I think that we're living in a
time where people that want to
contribute make a better world they're
able to find each other they're able to
amplify each other's voices and that is
awesome
for the first time in human history
we're living through a
we're the single most powerful marketing
vehicle that you could have is to
legitimately be a good person and want
good things for your customers that's
incredible I don't think that's ever
existed before I think it's been a slow
burn I think it's been beneficial but I
don't think it's ever before been the
most powerful marketing vehicle that you
could have but I also think that there's
dicks out there that totally take
advantage and abuse and are just hateful
hateful people so both of them exist but
there are just incredible incredible
voices out there Ray Dalio is an
incredible generous voice that has just
changed me massively God let's go
through a few people that I think really
legitimately want to make the world a
better place and forgive me if I don't
mention you because there are so many
dr. Shefali I was just on a thing that
she did yesterday day before that was
awesome I think she's amazing
Gerard Adams I think is incredible and
God when you see what he's doing in
Newark is just unbelievable Gary Vee is
exactly who you guys think he is he's so
legit like off camera just a super good
dude wants to win for himself for the
absolute [__] highest level but
actually wants good things for other
people
Lewis Howes such a nice guy Jim quick
holy [__]
Jim wants good things for people such an
amazingly good dude and the list goes on
and on everybody that's ever come on the
show was kind enough Seth Godin oh I
love Seth they just take time to really
do amazing things for people and
literally I could just go down the list
not everyone but the vast majority of
people that are out there really want
good things for people Tony Robbins
who's been incredibly kind to me and my
real-life Peter do you man is like the
list goes on and on and on I think there
are a lot of amazing voices out there
that really really truly want to help
people so they should be easy to find
alright that was fun but I think listing
everybody is probably not helpful
Jumaane sablon Cabrera dude it's good to
hear from you again marie forleo talks
about embracing yourself if you consider
yourself a multi passionate entrepreneur
do you think embracing that is more of a
positive or do you believe it's more
impactful to be a master of one arc
there's an
some quote I can't remember if it's you
can do everything you want in life just
not at the same time or you can do
anything you want in life just not at
the same time don't remember which one's
accurate they both work ish so I'm a
huge believer in that so you can't do it
all at the same time I think it does
become a distraction but leveraging a
collision of multiple things that you
love is actually how you get ahead and
so like if you look at what I'm doing
between my absolute love for
storytelling and my well practiced
ability to articulate ideas I've put
those two things together and so I think
that is going to help me be successful
and I don't think I would ever be able
to get the studio off the ground without
the social content so yeah bringing
those things together I think it's
incredibly incredibly powerful but there
is a laundry list of things that I want
to pursue like I would legitimately love
to own an eSports team like that would
be so rad I'm so into video games but I
think that that would be until later
when we get into video games I think
that that would be a big distraction
right now so there it is all right Zack
smiley Oh which by the way Marie Forleo
is another amazing human being that off
camera is just a bundle of joy
Zack smiley YouTube hey Tom I battle
with myself and get the fraud feeling
about where I'm going I am pushing my
way into an industry had absolutely no
experience network in and I feel like a
fake a lot advice yes everybody lean in
right now oh I really want this one to
sink in with you guys okay here is the
truth everybody has a feeling I have it
I still have it like every day it
doesn't matter like you need to set that
aside here's the truth the only belief
you need to have is that you can learn
anything now if you can learn anything
you're going to go into that industry
and you're going to look for ways to add
value you're also going to be looking to
learn as much as humanly possible learn
learn learn do anything and everything
you can to generate momentum on that
side of your life to go and be learning
just the other day I flew over a
thousand miles literally for a two-hour
meeting with a guy cuz I thought he
might be able to teach me something when
you've got that voracious desire to
learn like you're gonna find that you're
able to create momentum and in the
meeting if you're always looking
ways to leverage what you already do
know to help that person or to marry
with what you're trying to build and
just focus on building momentum rather
than worrying about whether or not
you're a fake sure you're a fake yep you
don't know as much as you need to know
absolutely true but if you can generate
all the momentum if you can get other
people aligned with your vision if you
can bring on people that really do know
something if you're open to learning and
you're amassing that knowledge and
you're applying that knowledge as
rapidly as you get it that's the key if
you really want to remember something
you need to apply apply that knowledge
right away but I'm telling you I knew
nothing about technology when I went
into it I learned about that I knew
nothing about food and protein bars when
I went to I learned about that I knew
nothing about comic books
[__] I'm telling you right now
I'm gonna take over the comic book
industry I can feel it in my bones now
that doesn't mean that I don't also feel
in my bones that I'm in way over my head
but every day I'm thinking cool I'll
learn a little bit more each day each
day I'm gonna learn I'm gonna learn I'm
gonna learn and because I'm not afraid
to embarrass myself remember if you're
going to WonderCon come by booth 1502
and watch me embarrass myself I'm
telling you right now the booth is gonna
be ridiculous we don't even have
anything
we're giving away sleeves we are giving
away empty sleeves to put your comic
books in so that we can get people's
email addresses guys do you know
pathetic that is but that's far better
than me going well I don't know enough
and so I'm not gonna go I'm like I don't
give a [__] if I'm embarrassed I'm gonna
go there because I know I'm gonna meet
somebody I'm gonna pick up a little bit
of information I'm gonna go wander
around I'm gonna see who's an upcoming
artist who's got you know some talent as
a writer I'm gonna start amassing these
people I want them to meet me I want to
become a familiar face I want people to
see me even though I know I'm gonna be
awash in shame and embarrassment that I
have a booth at a comic convention
[__] comic and that's why I'm going
to win and if you can let that into your
soul if you can let the knowledge that
the thing that has made me successful is
I am shameless totally unafraid to
embarrass myself because inside every
time someone laughs at me I'm laughing
so much louder because I know
on a long enough time line I will amass
the knowledge that I need I will take
over the industry I will do what I need
to be to be the single most dominant
force in whatever I go into because I'm
unrelenting I will not quit I will not
stop because I'm embarrassed I will not
let feeling like a fraud stop me or even
slow me down I will just keep going and
learning and learning and learning and
learning and learning and my voracious
hunger for knowledge will consume anyone
who tries to go against me I'm just
telling you right now if you're willing
to play the game at the intensity level
that I am for the duration of time that
I am every day waking up and trying to
generate momentum you will win so don't
worry about feeling like a fraud Wow
only got five minutes left for now next
question
Nicki Simpson Facebook what advice do
you have for extremely pessimistic
spouses I'm finding it hard to change my
mindset when my husband is set on the
world sucks you just suffer through it
make do then you die whoa
okay so first and foremost you're gonna
meet him with compassion like literally
that breaks my heart to hear that that
is the world that he's chosen to live in
that is gut-wrenching especially because
there is a thin membrane between him and
that darkness and hopelessness and just
like sadness and this bright sunny
beautiful world that he could live in
where things are possible and the game
is fulfillment and finding ways to
decide that you're going to love
something to build into your life a
feeling of gratitude build into your
life a feeling of gratitude the exact
same situation but you choose to focus
on different things
cultivate different things in you and
you get something beautiful so truly
truly to understand that that really is
it just sucks that he's trapped in that
now the hard part I couldn't live there
and I would avail my spouse
of everything that I could think of to
help them be happy to help them find
fulfillment to help them build gratitude
into their life but under no
circumstances would I allow someone
who's refusing to do that work to drag
me down that's a misery for you as well
and it's gonna mean some really hard
conversations it's gonna mean some
really hard conversations early so that
it's not with an ultimatum or a threat
because if you say do this or I'm
leaving
they will entrench in their position you
will become the bad guy they won't be
open to your message so this has got to
be something that you lead with and you
tell them I'm here I want to help you
get there I need you to get there I'm
not interested in staying in a dark
place I want to see you enjoy your life
and I want to work with you on that
obviously I can't do it for you so but
you've got to really call them out like
you can't suffer in silence you can't
begin to resent them in silence which is
what you will do and so you've got to
have those hard conversations over and
over and over it you got to be way
encouraging when they do something like
if they were to meditate or they were to
sit with you and do a gratitude practice
and literally say let's just do three
minutes and in the morning each of us
for 90 seconds will say things that were
grateful for if they're unwilling to do
90 seconds that's scary but I would keep
on them for a while explain to them that
it's important to you and then start
small doing things like that building
that in and helping them get there it's
not going to happen overnight but if
you're consistent and they're willing
you really can get there and then on a
long enough timeline let me tell you if
they're just totally resistant and I've
tried everything I've tried therapy I've
tried doing things like the 90 second
gratitude practice reading books
together I've tried rewarding them
emotionally lavishly when they do
something like a 90 90 second gratitude
practice if they still just won't won't
won't won't
eventually I do hit the point where I'm
like yeah this doesn't make sense
all right now in that dark note I'm
gonna say goodbye to everybody guys
thank you so much for joining me today
this was amazing and by the way again if
you're a comics book fan and you're
gonna be at the WonderCon in Anaheim
this weekend join me at booth 1502 and
today's episode was brought to you by do
the work if you want to get this shirt
go right now to shop that impact Theory
dot-com support the cause show the love
self signal which is the most important
part tell yourself and everybody else
what you're all about all right guys if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
and if you're not sharing this content
it would be amazing
you would have my gratitude if you would
share this if it's added value to you
that just goes farther than you can
possibly imagine so thank you guys so
much and until next time my friends be a
legendary take care
[Music]